[Glenn] Matte Ahoy, did you realize that
Solar is the most abundant energy source on Earth?
By switching to more solar powered objects,
You reduce harmful emissions
Be launched into your environment,
How wonderful to say that you are harnessing the power of stars.
I am Glenn and I will have a leader who rules today's topic.
Let's take a look at 10 solar powered boats
Yachts are making a big splash
In the future of the water trip.
- [Woman] No. 10.
- [Glen] Going off the net and experiencing complete freedom
With Arkup Houseboat.
Play Noah and bring your animal or human companions too.
This amazing boat can sail in the open seas
At seven miles an hour.
Or to be stabilized by hydraulic substrates
You can rest on the bay or port of your choice.
Worried about the potential of hurricanes?
Arkup was created to carry the fourth category
Hurricane winds reach 155 miles per hour.
This contemporary Titanic design is two stories,
Sitting approximately 4,350 square feet.
Energy is collected from a wide range of solar panels,
While rain water can be collected and purified for drinking.
Enjoy the surface of the sun, which cliffs into the water
And experience natural light all the time
With floor to ceiling windows.
Each of the four bedrooms has an attached bathroom
And Arkup's communication systems
It is said to be first class.
The company behind this amazing creation
Looking to launch this potentially
As are eco resorts as well.
You can expect this one to be a beautiful penny,
But the good ones are usually.
- [Woman] Number nine.
- [Glen] In this beautiful yacht
You do not have to worry about intimidating dolphins
With loud engine noise.
This solar beauty can cover 100 miles
With electricity alone it is guaranteed to hear
A calming voice for the sea and all its marvels.
Its cruising speed rests at rest
Seven miles an hour.
The fresh water tank can hold 93 gallons,
So do not worry about not cooling your thirst.
Three bedrooms and three bathrooms
I will give you and your guests privacy
And luxury required.
With a simple and elegant design,
Fountain Bagot My 40 offers her travelers
Peaceful delights, including salon lounge,
Open cockpit floor plan, roomy cabin and flybridge.
With a family that will allow you to get a tan.
- [Woman] No. Eight.
- [Glen] Eelex Electric 8000
Made for an excellent cruiser.
It is said to cover a total of 100 miles
And you get a top speed of 46 mph.
This solar powered tractor is an excellent choice for hunters
Or someone looking to distances things around the island.
Eelex 8000 uniquely customizable,
And of course, free from disgusting fumes and engine noise.
So that you can focus on more than serenity
That the water has to offer.
- [Woman] No. Seven.
- [Glen] Unique in its vertical design
SeaOrbiter is created to go over 50% underwater,
With the purpose of studying more life in the oceans.
Generated by solar energy, wind, and wave force,
It is intended to carry up to 22 people.
If we're lucky enough to see this final production,
We may be able to get it a more personal look
In ferocious sharks or little seahorse under the sea.
Much mystery still lies deep in the ocean
With this future ocean station, we hope you'll solve puzzles,
Is there really a sea dragon?
This ship is intended to have 12 decks,
Six of them will be under water,
Used for a variety of experiments and oceanography.
It rings stepping into the New Atlantic era.
- [Woman] Number six.
Raise luxury with Silent 55.
With electric propulsion, noise, and polluted fumes
Vibration is greatly reduced.
It is able to go 16 miles an hour
It comes in five different layouts
So you can find perfect quarters of the captain.
Wide searchlights and flush deck openings
Allow too much natural light.
You have freedom of control
Your cabin temperature,
With ventilation system in place.
In the kitchen there is ample cooling space
To keep the crew on their flight
Induction cooktop is a nice touch,
Does not require burning fuel.
With spacious deck room and spacious cabins
Having fun in the sun looks positive royal.
If you want to add a sail then know that it is quite possible.
There is no doubt that the silent 55 makes a big core
For any modern-day wannabe pirates
Or someone who simply wants to communicate with the sea.
- [Woman] No. Five.
- [Glen] Another racing boat
Making a name for herself is Solar Twenty boat,
With high solar energy efficiency.
Also competing in solar energy one sports competition,
This boat is getting ready for some recognition.
You can also donate to the University of Twente team
So they can achieve solar panels
With 35% more efficient.
Undoubtedly, the Twente solar boat
It helps to prove this reliable renewable energy
And a cool villain.
- [Woman] Number Four.
- [Glenn] This water demon is created from the team
At the University of Applied Sciences in Germany.
The solar panels are mounted to the carbon fiber body.
Sunderbird made for daredevil
The desire to break through the waves.
It is interesting that you can drive this one with your feet
So your hands are free
To a wave when crossing the finish line
Or free to give your competitor a middle finger.
It's your call.
With a top speed of 19 mph,
What I am saying is a respectable way to cut through the waves.
We hope this one develops and spreads awareness
How to use clean solar energy.
- [Woman] Number three.
- [Glen] It is now completely understandable
To race on the water with only the power of the sun.
This boat covered solar panel can reach a top speed
From 21 miles an hour on waves.
Although it may not look sharp
As its gas-powered counterparts,
The beauty of this Dutch sun boat is more environmentally friendly.
Racing has become easier with lighter and more efficient panels.
We can only be admired with
Eco-friendly design.
I am Allie, and it's time to think an eye of mind.
Just by looking at these pictures, do you know what this is and where?
Leave the correct answer or best guess in the comments section below.
- [Woman] Number two.
- [Glen] Silent 80 Designed to Pay
Without too much noise electrically.
It is very stealthily so its vibration is low.
So if you are looking to sneak up on your frenzy
Or a party crash, this yacht is for you.
It has 70 solar panels and electric motors
And lithium batteries, ensuring the power you use
Green and friendly to those marine creatures,
While not skimp on efficiency.
The spacious roof area is enough for eight guests,
It has a sun bed, sofa wrapped and Jacuzzi.
Being able to make six cabins makes for
Entertaining on the high seas is reasonable.
Large windows around Silent 80
Keep an open concept.
Luxurious master suite comes with a study,
Walk around the locker and sauna.
This refined yacht can reach a top speed of
20 miles an hour, it's the perfect way to
Slip along the ocean and not feel guilty
About harmful emissions.
- [Woman] Number one.
- [Glen] Wonderful Energy Monitor
It is a ship with electric motors working
Over 100% renewable energy.
It can be powered by solar panels,
Hydrogen wind turbines produced from sea water
Or a sail glider.
Jerome Delavos says: "We want to make people dream.
"To raise awareness, not to prove that humans can live
"In harmony with nature and that the battle against
"Global warming could open some doors
"To a new economic expansion."
The interior is just as it is and future enticing
As the outer.
From the living area you can find three double cabins
And two cabins one.
You will find a fully equipped shower room
And a kitchen with an island,
And with small windows all over
There is no need to be afraid of confinement
That you would experiment in a basement office.
When it's midnight party,
Mood settings with night light show.
Yes, Captain, we are definitely on the plane
With this innovative environmentally friendly ship.
Let us know in the comments below throughout this video
What ships stand out for you.
More details and prices can also be found below
In the box descriptions.
This is how you see the world thrive
With innovative solutions when it comes to solar energy
And apply this to our water craft.
From boats to floating houses,
The strength of the sun is a clear efficiency
A new way to help us live better.
The Negev is on top of your ship
It has never been more satisfying.
For more details and prices, check the description box below.
Please let us know in the comments which boat or ship you are a pirate.
thanks for watching. See you on Minds Eye Design video.
Hey everyone, if you enjoyed this video, leave a comment on what you found most interesting and why.
Also, to get a notification when a new video is posted,
Click on the bell icon below next to the Subscribe button.
Thank you for watching Eye Mind Design!